# Deepfake Identification alongside Federated Learning
This project presents Deepfake identification using machine learning techniques to detect synthetic images. Machine learning plays a significant role in assisting with complicated and convoluted problems that breaches human ability. The precision and consistency with which technology can reliably and easily discern the integrity of digitalized visual media is thus critical.

The Import functions allow for linear algebra and data processing. These imports are necessary for good code organization, as linear algebra allows us to write complex linear expressions in a compact manner, as well as efficiently process and handle data for analytics.
The system requires the user to input or locate the appropriate directory where the dataset is located, this then entails folders and files that can be manipulated for image classification. With this said, it allows for the data to be loaded when the dataset is successfully located.
The Loading Image Data function loads the dataset images needed for testing and training, followed by a verification function that scans the dataset and displays information such as the number of images, target images, and image size.
The function Show Distinct People displays 40 of the dataset's 400 distinct people. The images are then shown in subplots with a size of 4x10 and a figure size of 18x9. The following function is then started because of this.
The Show Faces function displays ten faces of a different number of subjects, each with ten different face images. It is possible to choose from a variety of different faces ranging from id 0 to 39. In the setting of varied lighting, facial emotion, and facial elements such as beards or glasses, each subject's face has unique qualities.
For machine learning models, the Reshape function reshapes the pictures. Because the picture data is a matrix, it must be transformed to a vector before the machine learning models can be used.
The Train and Testing function divided the data into subsets for training and testing. As a result, 70% will be allocated to training and 30% to testing. The training and testing rates, on the other hand, are adjustable and can be modified at any time.
